hey guys I'm Jonathan Baker we are in a
garage in Atlanta Georgia this garage
though is actually interesting for a
couple reasons one we're starting a
craft brewery in this garage I know
pretty humble beginnings and two there's
an elevator so i'll actually catch up
with you guys in the second floor Boop
here we are and actually Jeff hey you're
here with me oh yeah this is jess house
yeah how about beginnings and and you
heard that I did sorry I thought the
first floor was a little cum yeah
there's the the ceilings are very thin
very thin paper thin paper thin yeah
okay so here's the thing i thought i
would give Jeff a cameo but it's
actually not working out in my stage
left stage that way yeah that's okay
that's great thanks so okay for over
three and a half years I've been
marketing beer talking to people about
beers brewing beer and most of all
drinking beer I love beer I've spoken to
conferences on the subject of beer I
write a column for beer connoisseur
magazine I write our company website
Monday night bring calm which is
actually become far more popular than
observes and craft beer circles and I've
interviewed brewmasters all over the
country so we're in Atlanta Georgia
Georgia oppa has four microbreweries at
the moment which is one of the reasons
why we wanted to start a microbrewery
here but what Atlanta lakhs for in
quantity it makes up for in quality so
I'd actually love to take you to a
couple of my favorite crappy response
here first we're going to go to Atlanta
Brewing Company was actually a very a
couple miles from here after that we're
going to get a pop city a craft beer
specialty store and that'll be it let's
do this so we're on our way to Atlanta
Brewing Company it's actually Atlanta's
oldest microbrewery the brewmaster there
is agreed to open up the store
and we're going to talk to them a little
bit about malted barley which as you may
know is one of my favorite subjects
it'll actually be one of your favorite
subjects too after we talk to you tell
me the difference between is pale ale
and spell is just kind of the percentage
of the darker moments in the light
atmosphere for ya exactly now now this
this dark malt would be the this is the
far end of the spectrum ok so imagine
this very light bulbs in this dark malt
and then all different kinds of roasted
between us basically like letting LT
haunted America setting a poster on one
and this being one and this being ten
and all the colors in between and this
would be bad because that's that that's
bad burnt toast but it's a good verbier
good burn more all right we're at hop
city in Atlanta Georgia is one of
Atlanta's finest craft beer stores you
can see the rows of beer this Rebecca
name also beckoning is the owner Craig
Cassetti will talk with us so we're
going to go inside and check it out we
make sure our lighting is incandescent
fluorescent okay although it hasn't
fully been proven the belief is that
fluorescent the race from first light
will actually decorate your here faster
than nakedness effective solution what
do you do with temperature temperature
is also very important your yeast firm
as you know from your
experience yes ale yeast is really
comfortable at 70 degrees okay so we
keep so that's about all that's what
this is now room temperature correct we
keep this door no higher than 70 degrees
winter or summer and it's not because
I'm you know more blooded not simply
because of the beer like 70 degrees so
right it's very finicky by this
temperature I am so and one of the
stores closed temperatures still sucking
breeds it actually I a drop down okay
Colton temperatures aren't problem so it
especially now in the winter we do drop
it down into its 60 selena song but if
during the day times it never gets hired
time you some incredible ok so you don't
want it to get higher than seven degrees
lower temperatures not a problem at your
temperatures very much an awful long
because I was going to say I think so
there's lower temp around the ribs back
there and psycho pension yeah lower
lower temperatures are not a front
excellent and and you also organize your
beer a little differently here than what
we do here at hof city to treat bar
beers much more like a one good wine
shopkins their organs over the world as
my stash okay we want the right here
yeah after instance an LLC
yeah what's kind of been closed for
doing that like me Joe consumer I'm
walking in X other night way out we'd
like to think that having all the beers
organized by styles individuals ok your
biggest decision when you walk in the op
city is not what brand do I want to
purchase instead it's what style of beer
at I internet for today or better yet if
I'm pairing with the food what kind of
food am I having for dinner and
therefore I go help better write about
denial the shop and rightly so you're
facing with yes 80 to 100 decisions on
the child who all within a specific kind
of choice that's up I mean any any
choice animals beer is a good truth
agree my speaking of choices there's
double entendre always get me white I
just like the duck rabbit pain I like on
name of the plan I like the logo it's
like the dopest erratic Hey Dude they
have nylon hot bags it's not technically
cheesecloth but i soon will be fine
I don't have any kind but i'll give you
a bile what is this file that sounds
terrible doesn't it you wonder why I
don't buy it I'm thinking of myself I
can't sell that have your pad I have so
that's not terrible
add to the collection box of our future
you know as one friend to another don't
name your beer that all right so we're
back a little tour of Atlanta's craft
beer scene crack actually left me with a
bottle of oval on biol so I'm going to
try this I'm hoping that it tastes
better than it sounds Cheers